forever - let's start immediately with the new recipe sent by midan through mine
spin site the one that sees moggi and the recipe of the Cuban laser
a quarter of course with nutella and cream
what we need is 150 grams of butter
300 grams of flour 300 grams of sugar
two coffee machines to soak the sponge cake
let's not forget that it must be a soft cake and therefore at least you
you have bread of angels
and to ensure your cake is exceptional, we need fresh steaua
of the day as you well know
see how simple we are now passing capracotta
whole fresh milk
of course in the paper cups menu you can take it as a point of
reference
and continue with at least 6 tablespoons of cocoa
whipped cream to taste
asl orvieto
now we need you big bowls to split the tour lol
from the album that stress is ivo
let's add some salt to me and I don't love you too
meter in diameter 100 grams of rice with the yolk and we assemble this beautiful
while keeping the beater, add the two glasses of butter
milk add the sifted flour
together with the 6 tablespoons of cocoa finally the two places of bread of the angels
we combine the two chemical bowl compounds we take a baking pan
of sforzesca uci piacenza
we die we inform and we are inside the compound just prepared
now let's get ready to go to the oven for at least a good 140 day star
minutes
once cooled we open in two parts
scraping in the inner part of the time we see each other after we cut the
sponge cake with coffee we make with nutella and cream
I love your parts we shoot the remaining fax then we see with the puppies
of sponge cake
now what I ask myself is this compact futurama too
it's not better